Dharma means “duty, fate and destiny,” according to this past and present Trump advisor.  Before American Dharma screened, the Chicago Cinema documentary chief (Anthony Kaufman) read a brief note from the filmmaker which said, “Who would have thought that Henry King, David Lean, John Ford, Stanley Kubrick, Michael Ritchie and Orson Welles would offer such fertile ground for Fascism.  This is my most despairing and horrifying movie.” Morris was referencing Bannon’s frequent allusions to films he has seen which have spoken to him, none mentioned more frequently than “12 O’Clock High” starring Gregory Peck, directed by Henry King.

There is little doubt that Bannon (assisted by Reince Priebus and Kellyanne Conway), entering the Trump campaign at the eleventh hour with the financial backing of Rebekkah Mercer and family, saved Trump’s campaign. Bannon brought with him a game plan and what he refers to in the film as the Honey Badger spirit of never giving up. Bannon brought a first-rate mind and education (Harvard Business School, among others) to the battle, albeit a reputation for being “a stone-cold racist” and someone who is “doubling down on fear.” As Bannon says onscreen, “You need to be a blunt force instrument.”   He adds, “We just did it and now we’re gonna’ march on the Capitol.  We’re gonna’ drop the hammer.”

Bannon, who was Executive Chairman of Breitbart News under Andrew Breitbart said, “The medium is the message and he (Trump) understood that.”  Bannon described 15 to 18% of the voting public as people who didn’t like either candidate offered them in the presidential race, and notes that two-thirds of those people opted to vote for Trump over Hillary Clinton.

Bannon—who has been taking his show on the road covering the European circuit since his dismissal by Trump after Charlottesville, reminds the interviewer that “We had Brexit as the canary in the mineshaft.” Says Bannon, as campaign guru he felt the Trump campaign needed to convince the American voting public of 3 things:

That Trump would stop immigration.
That Trump would bring jobs back to the United States from overseas.
That Trump would get us out of foreign wars, such as Iraq and Afghanistan.
Referencing a cautionary speech by Hillary Clinton in her campaign, known as the “alt right” speech, in which Hillary warned of the dangers inherent in a Trump presidency, Bannon crows, “That’s when I knew we had her. They’d walked right into the trip. If they (the voters) see you as the instrument to get their country and their jobs back, they’ll vote for you.” His point: Hillary did not represent the change that the states of West Virginia and most of the Midwest wanted to see.

Citing quotes like “When the legend becomes more powerful than the truth, print the legend,” and “Evil is powerless if the good are unafraid,” Bannon pulls from Errol Morris an admission that Morris voter for Clinton “because I was afraid of you guys.  I still am.  I did it out of fear.”

Another favorite Bannon quote from Milton’s “Paradise Lost” is, “I’d rather reign in Hell than serve in heaven.”

Morris asks Bannon if he’s all abut destroying everything and Bannon basically acknowledged that he is, saying, “We have to clean out some of the underbrush” and “A complete rejection of the system is due,” which he predicts will come after another financial crisis and will be “like a scythe through grass. It is coming.”

THE GOOD
In addition to warning us all exactly how this administration thinks, the solemn, depressing, insistent music, courtesy of Paul Leonard-Morgan, adds immensely to the tone and impact of American Dharma. The cinematography by Igor Martinovic, who frequently poses Bannon in profile against the horizon, is good. Setting fire to the hangar (Quonset hut?) where the interview takes place is both a great metaphor for Steve Bannon’s philosophy of “the Fourth Turning” and makes for great visual imagery.

THE BAD
Is there anything more depressing than listening to someone this close to power telilng us, “Revolution is coming. It will come, as night follows day?” Aside from Steve Miller’s “American Carnage” speech, [which George W. Bush on Inauguration Day declared was “Some weird shit”], how uplifting is it to hear Steve Bannon tell say, “I’m saying if we don’t make changes we’re going to have an Apocalypse.”

THE VERDICT
Recommended, but have something uplifting awaiting you when you finish watching this important 95 minute documentary from the master.


The Good, The Bad and The Ugly (1966)
One of the most iconic cigar smoking scenes ever made occurs in Clint Eastwood’s spaghetti Western, The Good, The Bad and The Ugly. His mysterious character, ‘The Man With No Name’, was made even more intriguing by the skinny cigar that was spotted between his lips throughout the film, especially during the infamous ‘Mexican Standoff’. This scene is incredibly tense, and perhaps the most iconic scene of the whole trilogy, as he stands off against his opponents. Keeping the cigar firmly between his lips as they closely watch each other, it doesn’t even drop when he shoots the film’s antagonist, Angel Eyes.

Watch the tense scene here:



 

The Wolverine (2013)
Wolverine is almost as renowned for his cigar-smoking habits than for his retractable titanium claws; especially when real life cigar aficionado Hugh Jackman is playing the part! With a love for Cohiba cigars, Wolverine is often seen with a cigar in hand. One of the best moments in the movie is when he is stood atop a vehicle, surrounded by his enemies, and uses his claw to slash open the gas tank, creating a massive fiery explosion. Unscathed by the flames, Wolverine stands with his cigar in mouth, and it has been handily lit by the explosion!

Watch the dramatic scene here:



Scarface (1983)
Cementing Pacino as a Hollywood legend, Scarface saw him transformed into Tony Montana, a Cuban refugee turned drug kingpin, with a penchant for the finer things in life. Not straying too far from his Cuban roots, Tony loves a cigar and is seen puffing away on a fair few throughout the film.

See him smoking a cigar in this scene:



 

Predator (1987)
This sci-fi/action classic sees Arnold Schwarzenegger as Vietnam veteran Dutch facing off against an alien threat. Despite the constant danger of being hunted down by a mysterious otherworldly enemy, Dutch lights up a stogie and saves the world in style! As a massive fan of cigars in real life, we’re sure Arnie loved this role!

Watch him light up a cigar here:



 

Die Another Day (2002)
The last film to feature James Bond smoking anything, Die Another Day sees 007 paying a visit to a Cuban cigar factory, where he takes a moment to enjoy a quality smoke. On his arrival at the factory, he requests a ‘Delectados’, which was not a type of cigar, but rather a code name for the sleeper agent he was there to find! After the film’s release in 2002, cigar companies began to produce a stogie known as the Delectado in response to demand from the film’s cigar-loving fans!

Watch the scene here:



 

Are there any smoking moments from movies we have forgotten? Why not let us know in the comments or via our social media channels!
It’s excellent as a side carb and it’s really easy and fun to make. But, there is one downside to it – it takes an overnight rest to get the dough smooth and elastic. But really, that’s all hands off time so it almost doesn’t really count. All you do is, mix together flour, salt, and water and knead it smooth. Then the dough is rested in oil overnight. The next day, you stretch and fold it and it’s ready to be fried up.

Crispy with layers and layers of flakiness, roti canai is going to be your new flatbread favorite!

Whisk together 2 cups of flour and salt. Slowly add in the water and knead until smooth. If dough is too sticky, gradually add in the remaining flour. Divide the dough into 6 equal portions and form into balls. Lightly oil your hands and generously oil the balls of dough, making sure they are generously and evenly coated. Place each ball in its own small bowl, pouring in a bit of oil and turning to make sure it’s coated in oil. Cover each bowl with plastic wrap and let rest overnight.

The next day, using some of the oil from one of the dough balls, generously oil a large rimmed baking sheet. Take the ball and spread on the baking sheet, using the palm of your hand, stretching and pulling into a rectangle shape, until paper thin. Some tears are okay. Lightly flick the surface of the dough with some oil. Fold into a square by taking one edge and folding it into the center. Repeat with remaining edges.

A personal diary, the latest tech gossip, new Web sites of note, hypertext links to upcoming Apple products -- there's a blog for just about every topic under the sun, and the quality of these daily journals is all over the map.

Many are, quite literally, written by young adults who still live with their parents. Many are just a collection of juicy links. Yet, there's a handful of well-written, well-edited and exceptionally literate blogs. This top 10 list includes a few surprises, such as Download Squad -- a site that covers new software, but always seems to write with enthusiasm -- and a few (such as the personal blog of Roger Ebert) that should probably win journalism awards. See "What makes a blog worthwhile?" for my criteria.

1. Real Dan
Everyone knows Dan Lyons as the guy who created Fake Steve, pretending to be Steve Jobs. Now, his Real Dan blog has to live and die based on his excellent writing skills.
Everyone knows Dan Lyons as the guy who created Fake Steve, pretending to be Steve Jobs. Now, his Real Dan blog has to live and die based on his excellent writing skills.
Dan Lyons is the print journalist who created the Fake Steve Jobs blog. His new blog, called Real Dan, isn't nearly as entertaining but is just as well written.

[ Related: Get to know the Chocolatey package manager for Windows ]



It's clear that the best blogs are often written by people who have a background in journalism and writing. As a blogger, Lyons has one important skill: He can write about a dry subject with wit and character, and will often drop an off-handed comment that catches you off-guard, such as a post where he commented on the Bloomberg obituary on Steve Jobs that was released prematurely (Jobs is alive and well). 

ADVERTISING


 I think my blog originally caught on because of the rabid Apple fanboy base. 
Dan Lyons (The Fake Steve Jobs blogger)
More recently, he also had some fun with a report about Jobs and a bizarre bicycle accident (complete with hilarious photo) and Jobs reportedly having a heart attack.

Lyons has an ability to make technology subjects interesting to those who don't follow every Apple press release, or who don't even read blogs. "I think my blog originally caught on because of the rabid Apple fanboy base," said Lyons by e-mail. "They were the first to start reading the blog and spreading the word. Eventually, the audience went beyond fanboys and tech weenies. I guess because it was funny even to people who didn't know that much about the tech industry."

2. Roger Ebert
We already know Roger Ebert is an excellent writer, what with a million reviews published. But his blog goes to a deeper personal level.
We already know Roger Ebert is an excellent writer, what with a million reviews published. But his blog goes to a deeper personal level.
Movie critic Roger Ebert started blogging not too long ago, and the result is one of the best-written journals around.

[ Become a Microsoft Office 365 administrator in record time with this quick start course from PluralSight. ]
His thoughtful posts sometimes shift away from movies, but his best entries -- like this one about the use of nondigital effects in movies and this one about how the U.S. Postal Service removed a cigarette from the image of Bette Davis -- are usually the most literate and worth reading. Equally entertaining are the comments from readers, which are about the best you will see on a blog, often including nuggets of trivia from movies.

 Ready for Anything: Quickly Shift, Scale, and Innovate in IT
SponsoredPost Sponsored by Citrix

Ready for Anything: Quickly Shift, Scale, and Innovate in IT

Today’s businesses must innovate quickly while providing any-time access to apps and...

3. Rough Type
Book author and magazine writer Nicholas Carr adds more details to his already highly detailed printed works, and even explains where he gets his sources.
Book author and magazine writer Nicholas Carr adds more details to his already highly detailed printed works, and even explains where he gets his sources.
Easily one of the best-written blogs on the Web, Rough Type is the personal journal of author Nicholas Carr, who has written about Web 2.0, cloud computing and about how Google might be making us think less and search for every answer online.

Most posts reference his magazine articles and books, but they are thoughtful and insightful on their own as well. "People get bored pretty quickly with sloppy writing and sloppy thinking, and that's true whether you're publishing online or in print," Carr told me by e-mail and, as always, he makes a good point.

4. GeekDad
Part of the <I>Wired</I> empire, GeekDad assumes you can read and understand words with more than one syllable.
Part of the Wired empire, GeekDad assumes you can read and understand words with more than one syllable.
Stringing together a sentence with a strong noun and verb combination might not seem all that difficult, but many bloggers write like they are on the school bus using a crayon.

GeekDad assumes you actually want to read more than 50 words and is not afraid to post long explanations about how to build a tepee in your backyard or discussions about a new prototyping show on the Discovery Channel or video games as art.



